Welcome to my page<br><br>
	My name is Colton Sells and I am a soon to be graduate from Southern New Hampshire’s Bachelor of Computer Science curriculum. My time spent in the computer science curriculum has helped me develop a diverse skill set that compliments my desire to enter the field as a junior web developer. The course work in classes like “foundation in application development” and “computer science’s role in industry” introduced me to beginner coding concepts in both Python and Java. This gave me a solid foundation of proper coding practices, data structures, and algorithms. In these courses I was able to learn these concepts through small projects like building a calculator or developing a console-based rock paper scissors game. <br><br>
	More advanced concepts were introduced later in courses like Software Testing where I was introduced to black and white box testing as well as writing unit tests for methods in my programs. Courses like introduction to SQL and Advanced programming concepts introduced me to databases and helped me get a firm grasp on Database CRUD functions in both SQL and mongoDB databases. Advanced programming concepts also helped introduce us to APIs by forcing us to create a REST based API for the provided mongoDB database. These skills were imperative in creating the artifact below. Courses like collaboration and team environment gave me the ability to work with Git based repositories and taught me to push/pull repositories into remote locations for collaborative efforts with other developers. <br><br>
	In this ePortfolio I only included one artifact. The artifact, linked below, contains an application coded in Java built for a tow company and demonstrates several of the concepts I have learned while attending SNHU. The program takes a customer’s information via JPanels and stores the information within objects. The customer inputs their location and where they are going then the application utilizes the Google Maps API to calculate the distance and provide a fare for the customer. This is a demonstration of API integration into a stand-alone application. The object data is also stored into a SQL database (database integration) and the information is sent, via Amazons web service smtp server, in an email to the drivers of the company. Please click the link below to access the source code repository on Github or watch the code review video to see the application in action.<br>


<a href="https://github.com/coltonsells/Capstone-Project"> Click here for tow application Github page</a>
<br>
<br>
Code Review for Tow Application
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-F6bIVZtWck" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
